a 5 minute workout to get a flat stomach
in just one month do you dream of
rocking a 6-pack or maybe just a flat
stomach 30 days is all it takes to see a
drastic change in your body and you can
start now these exercises deliver
results whether you're a beginner or if
the gym is your second home they'll take
only 5 minutes of your time so you can
squeeze them in any time of the day
before we get started remember to always
do a quick warm-up before the exercise
and a cool-down exercise or some
stretching afterwards so that you're not
sore and be sure to click the subscribe
button and turn on notifications to be
one of the first bright ciders to watch
our videos now get ready to follow these
six exercises as we tell you all about
them number six side planks with leg
lifts planks burn more calories than
regular sit-ups or crunches because they
require you to use more muscles this
exercise will work all the muscles in
your core so you can expect to see
results in your abs obliques back and
hip muscles here's how to do it lie on a
mat on your right side with your knees
straight prop up your body on your right
elbow and forearm your feet should be
one on top of the other raise your hip
until your body is in a straight line
from shoulders to feet raise your left
leg and then lower it now get ready to
follow along we'll set the clock for 30
seconds
[Music]
make sure you keep your core engaged
don't twist your body as you raise your
leg if you're getting too tired
you can simply hold the side plank
position for 10 seconds and then lower
without lifting your leg but keep going
we are almost done 5 4 3 2 1
number-5 pike and extend the pike and
extend is a powerful abdominal exercises
that engages multiple muscle groups so
you can say goodbye to plain old sit-ups
here's what you need to do lie face-up
on a mat extend both legs over your hips
crunch up so your hands are reaching
towards your feet lower your upper body
and bring your arms back overhead and at
the same time lower only your right leg
toward the floor lift your right leg
again and use your upper body to crunch
up to reach your toes make sure you
follow the proper form remember that one
leg should always be extended up press
your back flat against the floor and
make sure it isn't arched engage your
core and legs
don't let momentum do the work we'll set
the clock for 60 seconds
continue to switch your legs and crunch
don't stick your chin into your neck
breathe in when your torso is down and
release when you do the crunch how's it
going you're probably feeling a burning
sensation in your abs but keep on going
almost done
five four three two one number four
standing side crunch this exercise is
also known as standing obliques or the
knee to elbow exercise it's a nice
alternative to a floor side crunch and
it's easier on your neck and lower back
than regular crunches here's how to do
it stand with your feet spread
comfortably put both hands behind your
head bend at the waist and try to touch
your right elbow to your right knee
make sure you engage your core and
crunch your abs as you do the movement
return to the standing position repeat
on the left side make sure you follow
the proper form
don't throw your body from side to side
don't pull your head sideways don't bend
forward at the spine we'll set the clock
for 60 seconds
to work on the obliques those abdominal
muscles to your side you need to do this
exercise in a slow and controlled
fashion if you wanted to work more on
general cardio than your obliques you
can try to do this exercise more quickly
while still engaging your core breathe
in while you are standing and release
your breath on the crunch if you want to
make this exercise more advanced you can
add a couple of light weights to the
routine remember to adjust your position
is your core still engaged we're almost
there five four three two one
number three hip raises getting a flat
stomach is not all about the crunch in
your abs you also need to pay attention
to what's happening in other parts of
your body
this exercise might look easy at first
glance but some of the world's best
trainers consider it one of the most
important exercises to add to your
routine this exercise works your glutes
hamstrings lower back and abs here's
what you need to do lie face-up on a mat
with your knees bent and your feet flat
on the floor extend your arms to your
sides at a 45 degree angle for stability
raise your gluts off the floor by
pushing your hips upward raise your hips
until your back hips and thighs are in a
straight line hold the position for five
seconds return to the starting position
now get ready to follow along we'll set
the clock for sixty Seconds
this exercise will make up for all the
time you spent sitting in a chair doing
computer work it will help improve your
posture and reduce the risk of back pain
how are you doing keep on going and
breathe normally ok almost done 5 4 3 2
number two mountain climbers mountain
climbers are a killer exercise that will
really get your heart rate going
it's a powerful cardio exercise the best
part is that you don't really need to
head to the gym to do it in addition to
burning fat on the belly mountain
climbers will help you build up your
upper body strength this exercise works
a large range of muscles deltoids biceps
triceps obliques chest hamstrings and
the main reason we're here abdominals
here's how to do it start in a plank
position with your weight supported by
your hands and feet bring your right
knee into your chest now quickly switch
your right knee with your left knee your
right knee should now be extended and
your left knee should be up to your
chest make sure you follow the proper
form your shoulders should be in line
with your hands your back should be
straight your core should be engaged and
here we go we'll set the clock for 60
seconds
continue to switch knees as quickly as
you can your legs will be running while
the top half of your body is still be
sure to keep a straight line from back
to toe and engage your core how are you
doing just keep going your muscles are
probably burning up but we're almost
there
5 4 3 2 1
[Music]
number 1 Burpee by this time after doing
all the previous exercises we think you
can handle the Burpee the Burpee is the
ultimate full-body exercise it will work
your chest arms deltoids hamstrings and
abs it's so effective that it's used by
elite athletes and members of the
military but don't panic it's actually
very simple here's what you need to do
begin in a standing position squat down
and place your hands on the floor in
front of you
quickly kick both feet back behind you
so that you are now in a push-up
position immediately return your feet to
the squat position quickly jump up as
high as you can from the squat position
these moves are meant to be done in
quick succession
since this exercise is designed to
challenge will set the clock for 30
seconds
make sure that you keep on going and
that you're performing this exercise in
quick succession to get all the benefits
do as many burpees as you can in the
time that's left how are you doing just
keep going
imagine that flat belly you've been
dreaming of we're almost there
five four three two one
bonus sprint in place for a stronger fat
burning exercise you can try to sprint
in place for one minute between all
these exercises with your elbows bent
and in a running position just sprint
exactly where you are adding the sprint
in place between the exercises we've
shown you will turn this workout into a
high-intensity training session and it
will help you burn a lot more fat if you
follow these exercises with us good job
they will give you the magic combination
of core strength cardio and strength
training which are all necessary to burn
fat and have a fit body if you followed
the instructions in this video and do it
every day for a month you'll be rocking
a flat stomach in no time did you follow
along with us
what other exercises have helped you get
a flat stomach tell us in the comment
section and don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life